# END USER lICENSE AGREEMENT
Belcarra Technologies (2005) Corp 


## END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT FOR BELCARRA USBLAN SOFTWARE 

Read this License Agreement carefully. By pressing the
"AGREE" button below, you accept all the terms and
conditions of this agreement.

This Belcarra End-User License Agreement "EULA" is a
legal agreement between you (either an individual
end-user or an entity) and Belcarra Technologies Corp or
its assigns, (known from here on as "Belcarra") for the
Belcarra software product/s identified above, which
includes computer software, and or license number and
may include modified versions, updates, additions and
copies, associated media, printed materials, and
"online" or electronic documentation (known from here on
as "SOFTWARE").  By installing, or otherwise using the
SOFTWARE, you agree to be bound by the terms of this
EULA. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do
not install, or otherwise  use the SOFTWARE.   

## SOFTWARE LICENSE 

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
Belcarra grants to you a nonexclusive license to use the
software program  only with the product you have
purchased and for which it has been licensed. No other
rights are granted.  You must include on any backup copy
all copyright and other notices included in the
Software.

## OWNERSHIP

The Software is licensed, not sold, to you for use only
under the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and
Belcarra reserves all rights not expressly granted to
you in this Agreement. Belcarra and/or its licensors
retain title to the Software, and all intellectual
property rights therein. U.S. Copyright laws and
international copyright treaties protect the SOFTWARE.

## RESTRICTIONS 

The Software contains copyrighted material, trade
secrets, and other proprietary materials of Belcarra and
its licensors. You agree that in order to protect those
proprietary materials, except as expressly permitted by
applicable law, neither you nor a third party acting on
your behalf will: 

 - reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or make any
   attempt to discover the source code of the Software;
 - modify or adapt the Software or merge it into another
   program 
 - use the Software in any manner to provide service
   bureau, commercial time-sharing or other computer
   services to third parties;
 - copy the documentation
 - sell, distribute, rent, lease, sublicense or
   otherwise transfer the Software to a third party,
   except upon a permanent transfer of the Product using
   the Software; provided that: 

   (a) all Software updates are included in the transfer, 
   (b) you do not retain a copy of the Software, and 
   (c) the transferee agrees to be bound by the terms
   and conditions in this Agreement.

The software may contain technology that enables
applications to be shared among two or more computers,
even if an application is installed on only one of the
computers.  You should consult an application's
accompanying license agreement or contact the licensor
to determine whether application sharing is permitted by
the licensor.
 
## UPGRADES

Periodically Belcarra will provide upgrades to this
SOFTWARE. Any supplemental software code provided to you
shall be considered part of the SOFTWARE and subject to
the terms and conditions of this EULA.

## NO WARRANTEES

Belcarra expressly disclaims any warranty for the
SOFTWARE. The SOFTWARE is provided "as is". No warranty
or condition of any kind, expressed or implied is made
by Belcarra. The risks associated with the usage and
performance of the SOFTWARE is the responsibility of the
end user (you). 

## LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

In no event shall Belcarra be liable for any damages
whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for
loss of data, performance interruption, or any other
loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use the
SOFTWARE. Because some states and jurisdictions do not
allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for
consequential or incidental damages, the above
limitation may not apply to you. 

## GOVERNING LAW JURISDICTION

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the
Province of British Columbia. You agree not to commence
any action or proceeding except in Vancouver, Canada.  

This Agreement will not be governed by the United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International
Sale of Goods, the application of which is expressly
excluded. 

## SEVERABILITY

If any part of this Agreement is found void and
unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the
balance of the Agreement, which shall remain valid and
enforceable according to its terms. 

## TERMINATION

This Agreement shall automatically terminate upon
failure by you to comply with its terms, in which event
you must destroy all copies of the Software. 
